Access control

https://portswigger.net/web-security/access-control





Access control security models :
	Discretionary access control (DAC)
	Mandatory access control (MAC)
	Role-based access control (RBAC)


Unprotected functionality
	Unprotected admin functionality
		view /robots.txt file and open admin panel link.
	Unprotected admin functionality with unpredictable URL
		view source code and dig into javascript code where admin panel address is stored.


Parameter-based access control methods
	User role controlled by request parameter
		Send request to /admin address. intercept request and change "Admin=False" to "Admin=True"
	User role can be modified in user profile
		Access account home page and change email. Notice that in response "roleid" is used. so add it in requst and change value from 1 to 2.


Broken access control resulting from platform misconfiguration
	URL-based access control can be circumvented
		Send request in / directory with "X-Original-URL: /admin" parameter to access admin page
	Method-based access control can be circumvented
		login as wiener and sent GET Request instead of POST like : GET /admin-roles?username=asd&action=upgrade


Horizontal privilege escalation
	User ID controlled by request parameter 
		Login as wiener and change "my-account?id=wiener" to "my-account?id=carlos"
	User ID controlled by request parameter, with unpredictable user IDs 
		Login as wiener and check posts. view source code of posts and notice post author user id is stored.
	User ID controlled by request parameter with data leakage in redirect
		Login as wiener and change "my-account?id=wiener" to "my-account?id=carlos". it will redirect but in response will be flag


Horizontal to vertical privilege escalation
	User ID controlled by request parameter with password disclosure
		Login as wiener and change "my-account?id=wiener" to "my-account?id=adminsitrator". view source code to get administrator password.
	Insecure direct object references
		Open Live Chat page.Intercept /download-transcript/2.txt request and view other user transcripts by change text name to 1.txt


Access control vulnerabilities in multi-step processes
	Multi-step process with no access control on one step 
		Exemine User Privilege upgrade with Admin account. then login as wiener and send second Confirm request with wiener session.


Referer-based access control
	Referer-based access control 
		Exemine admin account and admin panel. then login as wiener and send upgrade user requst with referrer header which contain /admin.
		

